Added hand grenades certification and guide. (#16)
SynixeTactical/Documents: guides/handGrenades.md

# Hand Grenade Guide

## Role Description

> All operators should be expected to familiarize themselves with the use of hand grenades. This guide will cover mainly fragmentation grenades, but will briefly cover the other 2 types as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All operators are expected to familiarize themselves with the use of hand grenades. This guide will cover mainly fragmentation grenades but will briefly cover smoke, flash, and stun as well.
```

Author: flash == stun.

## Specialized Equipment

> Completing the certification for hand grenades will unlock the usage of fragmentation grenades as well as flashbang grenades.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Completing the certification for hand grenades will unlock the usage of fragmentation grenades, flash-bangs, and stun grenades.
```

Author: Common spelling is flashbang and flashbang == stun grenade.

Reviewer: This should use stun grenade then, it's the official terminology

## Usage

### Callouts

> Similar to throwing a grenade, every time you toss a grenade, a call should be made over proximity voice. The call should be in the format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every time you toss a grenade, a call should be made over proximity voice. The call should be in the format:
```

> [Frag|Flash|Smoke] out. [Direction]

Examples:

> Frag Out! North!
> Flash Out! South-East!  
> Smoke Out! West! 

The call out should not slow down your ability to respond to threats. At a minimum you must always call out "[Grenade Type] Out!"

> If the employment of the grenade fails, the thrower should immediately alert the other operators in his vicinity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the employment of the grenade fails, the thrower should immediately alert the other operators in his vicinity. When calling a bad grenade toss, the direction **must** be included in the call.
```

Author: I mean we can include the direction but maybe just include it n the throw call then? By the time you say "Southwest" the nade will have exploded.

Example:

> > Bad 'nade!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Bad 'nade! North!
```

> > Bad frag! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Bad frag! West!
```

> > Bad flash! Get down! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Bad flash! East!
```

### Risks of Use

> When firing throwing fragmentation grenades, you need to know the impact radius and fragmentation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When throwing fragmentation grenades, you need to know the impact radius and fragmentation 
```

radius to maximize injury on the enemy and reduce friendly injuries.

The approximate lethality of an M67 fragmentation grenade is:

- 5m - Deadly
- 15m - Casualty radius
- 230m - Fragmentation radius (shrapnel can disperse up to this far.)
- 35m - Range an average soldier can throw

Regardless of range there is always a chance of being hit by a piece of shrapnel. 
Due to this risk, proper employment should always consist of throwing the grenade and immediately seeking cover.

> #### Vehicles

Reviewer: This should include a note not to attempt to use a grenade on any military vehicles, even the lightest armor will render them useless

> It is possible for fragmentation grenades to disable vehicles, however they would need to be right on top of the grenade. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible for fragmentation grenades to disable vehicles, however, they would need to be right on top of the grenade. 
```

It is best practice to exhaust all other means of disabling a vehicle before attempting to throw a frag.

#### Buildings 

Fragmentation and flashbang grenades are most effective when used in enclosed spaces due to the overpressure of the enclosed area 

> along with the shrapnel caused by the fragmentation. A flashbang or fragmentation grenade should be chosen accordingly based on whether

Reviewer: ```suggestion
along with the shrapnel caused by the fragmentation. A flash-bang or fragmentation grenade should be chosen accordingly based on whether
```

> on-combatants are inside of the room/building. If they are, a flashbang is preferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
non-combatants are inside of the room/building. If they are, a flash-bang is preferred.
```

### Grenade Types

- Fragmentation (M67) 
    - Also known as 'frags'. 

>     - Fuze time of 4 - 5 seconds.

Reviewer: The fuse times should not be ranges, the actual values should be retrieved

>     - Fuze time of 4 - 5 seconds.

Reviewer: Fuse not Fuze

- Flashbang (M84)
    - Also known as a 'flash'. 
    - Fuze time of 1 - 2 seconds.

- Smoke (M18)
    - Comes in a variety of colors. White is typically used as a screen, while colored smokes are used to mark positions.
    - Fuze time of 1 - 2 seconds.
    - Lasts 60 seconds

- Chemlights
    - Deploys immediately 
    - Used to mark cleared rooms or cleared areas at nighttime. 

> ### ACE3 Grenades 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### ACE3 Throwing
```

> The ACE3 grenade system endeavors to make grenades easier to use in Arma3. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ACE3 throwing makes grenades easier to use in Arma 3. 
```

Two additional keybinds are added in two different modes to assist with grenade usage, as well as a HUD element.

> #### ACE3 Grenades Keybinds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Keybinds
```

- Shift + G

>     - Pulls up the ACE grenade context HUD. You will see the current grenade type, as well as a small keymap along with multiple dots in an arc fashion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Pulls up ACE throwing. You will see the current grenade type, as well as a small key-map along with multiple dots in an arc fashion.
```

    - The dots represent the path of the grenade.
    - If a dot is green it means the grenade is expected to his the ground at the green dot.

>     - If a dot is yellow it means the dot will encounter be going through a closed space (like a window or doorway) and may hit a ledge and change direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If a dot is yellow it means the dot will encounter be going through a closed space and may hit a ledge and change direction (like a window or doorway).
```
This is not technically what yellow means, but is a good enough example

Author: What does it actually mean? I can change the wording.

Reviewer: It basically just means ACE can't determine the outcome, but what you have is fine

   ![Good grenade](grenadeImages/goodNadeWindow.jpg) 

>     - If a dot is red, it means that at that dot (distance) the grenade will encounter a hard object and not be able to pass (like a wall).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If a dot is red, it means that at that point in the arc the grenade will encounter a hard object and not be able to pass (like a wall).
```

   ![Bad Nade](grenadeImages/badNade.jpg) 

    - Keybinds from here:

>         - Shift + G - Continue cycling through grenades 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Shift + G - Cycle through grenades 
```

        - LMB - Throw the grenade 
        - RMB - Cancel and back out of the menue 
        - MMB (Scroll) - Change the arc/throw distance. 

>         - MMB (Click) - Pull the pin and release the spoon, 'cooking' the grenade. This is very dangerous and the operator should be aware of the grenades approximate fuze times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - MMB (Click) - Pull the pin and release the spoon, 'cooking' the grenade. This is very dangerous and the operator should be aware of the grenades approximate fuse times.
```

        - Ctrl + G - Changes the throw mode to a drop. Useful if you have a broken window and just want to drop the grenade on the other side. Or if you want to drop the grenade down a hatch at your feet. 

> #### ACE3 Grenades Usage 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Usage 
```

> Operators should always endeavor to use the ACE3 Grenades contextual menu as it allows for more accurate employment of the weapons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operators should always use ACE3 throwing as it allows for more accurate employment of the weapons.
```

> If throwing the grenade through a window, the operator should ensure the window is broken first. Otherwise the grenade may not go through and instead bounce back at the operator's feet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When throwing a grenade through a window, the operator should ensure the window is broken first. Otherwise the grenade will not go through and instead bounce back at the operator's feet. 
```
We could add a mod for window breaking, but that is not a priority at this time
